doc: Prepare 0.19.0 release (#589)
getsentry/sentry-go: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.19.0

The Sentry SDK team is happy to announce the immediate availability of Sentry Go SDK v0.19.0.

### Features

- Add support for exception mechanism metadata ([#564](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/564/))
  - More about exception mechanisms [here](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/exception/#exception-mechanism).

### Bug Fixes
- [otel] Use the correct "trace" context when sending a Sentry error ([#580](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/580/))

### Misc
- Drop support for Go 1.17, add support for Go 1.20 ([#563](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-go/pull/563/))

>   - According to our policy, we're officially supporting three latest minor releases of Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - According to our policy, we're officially supporting the last three minor releases of Go.
```
